hey how's it going Dave TD here so the
BlackBerry key to launched recently and
it's a device that people have mixed
feelings about on one hand they are like
the og smartphone brand these guys are
the first people to make that truly
relevant smartphone the original
BlackBerry's and people have very fond
memories of the keyboards and stuff like
that but on the other hand this is a
very dated brand not because of the
hardware or the software anything like
that but because of the brand and how
things shaped out for them people don't
really look at blackberry as like a
beacon of innovation that's just how the
cookies crumbled for them so I'm someone
who used the original blackberries quite
a bit for work I never like loved the
brand or anything like that but I like
the physical keyboard but ever since I
moved to virtual keyboards on like
iPhones or Android phones it just I
never really missed the physical
keyboard so I wanted to know is this
device really all it's shaped out to be
because we look at the paper specs it's
not all that impressive like the
snapdragon 616 the four and a half inch
IPS screen the hardware is nothing to
write home about but the keyboard is
what people are interested in I think a
lot of my peers in like the YouTube
space are like hey this is going to be
my next daily driver like this is the
phone like I love the physical keyboard
so I want to know like am I gonna type
faster on this thing I'm gonna be more
productive because a lot of people still
say that they are faster on the physical
keyboards than they are on virtual
keyboards and not that I disagree with
it but I just I haven't used a physical
keyboard in a while let's dig in
okay so I've set up the phone real quick
and take some time to kind of get
reoccur some to the physical keyboard
it's been a while since I've used one
and I feel like if I'm gonna give this
thing a proper test I have to spend some
time to kind of retrain my muscles okay
[Music]
alright so it's been around 12 minutes
of using this thing and I got to be
honest I feel slower on this thing than
I remember not that I was super fast or
anything before but I feel quite
crippled on this physical keyboard
hopefully it does pick up I will say
though there's definitely some
advantages like the tactility is nice to
be able to feel the keys I like that
again but speed is just not there right
now
[Music]
I've had about an hour of practice on
the BlackBerry key - and at this point
I'm comfortable with my speed I don't
feel like this is the fastest I'll ever
be but it's fast enough for me to
measure so I'm gonna measure once on the
key - and then once on the iPhone tenth
and the test I'm doing is really not
scientific I'm just gonna be typing the
phrase the quick brown fox jumps over
the lazy dog
as many times as I can in one minute
okay so for both of these phones I was
getting around seven sentences in that
one minute not particularly fast I feel
like some of you're gonna be way faster
than that but that's just my natural
typing speed um I'm actually surprised I
thought that the key to would be
noticeably faster and I just don't think
that's the case I've always heard that
rumor or that idea that a physical
keyboard would be faster and better but
I really don't think that's the case I
will say though that the tactile Keys
makes it easier to touch type like as I
was using this I could feel like like
muscle memory it's easier to kind of
feel the keys and just use it like that
if you don't wanna look at the screen or
if you can't look at the screen but I
don't think speed is one of the big
things on this thing I do think that
there's a degree of precision or just
like accuracy that comes with being able
to feel the skete and feel the keys but
not speed okay that's basically it
between a physical keyboard and a
virtual keyword I really don't think
there's a difference in speed okay hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs we
liked it subs we'd love to see you guys
next time